www.dopemovie.io
Do you
accept?
I'm not...
Actually,
you don't have a choice.
You're not a hero or a savior.
This is my father.
I know.
And he was a failure.
I feel
suffocated here.
I can't wait to be in our
nation.
The infidel's
polluted world gets worse.
Your sacrifice will make you a
martyr.
Will you do it?
I will.
Hey.
Can you move the car?
Oh, let me...
Oh, look at this little thing.
Oh no!
It's rigged.
The whole damn system
is rigged against us.
A month in prison for beating a
racist?
Come on, America.
Sharia does better justice.
Pulling a Muslim's beard.
He should be flogged in public.
Abid was right.
When we occupy the White House
it'll be by a true follower of
Sharia.
Insha Allah that day will come.
Shalom.
Kesselman, my co-worker,
he doesn't work on Saturdays.
I am fine but shouldn't
I be treated the same?
At work all I asked is five
brief...
Five brief breaks to
pray and keep my faith.
What's wrong with that?
Hey!
What the hell are you looking
at?
Look at her.
She's not like that because she
likes it.
It's because someone
screwed her chance in life.
What the hell!
Watch where you're going!
Wear hijab!
What happened Babu?
Nothing.
Listen.
This country is melting pot.
You have to adjust and adapt.
Whatever the reason, I
don't want to melt in it.
Look Faisal, you choose
your father's religion.
No problem.
Don't forget this is our country
now,
all freedom for us.
My country is where my father
is.
So I'm right.
You are watching stupid videos.
I don't want to lie to you.
Son, please.
I've tried to forget all these
hatred.
I can't.
You are confused.
It's not religion.
It's people.
People you are following.
I've heard that many times.
I've paid heavily for
marrying your father.
Probably he's already dead.
But still I can't see my family
now.
He's following Allah's will.
Look at young people around
you.
They are happy, they are
working,
making money and enjoying life.
I'm not them.
I don't like them.
I don't want to be like them,
period.
Stop drinking.
You look stupid.
Hey!
Don't talk like that!
I'm your mother damn it!
Hello Renu.
Hello papa.
What is the time like there?
Kathmandu is just waking up.
It's serious papa.
Bunty is brain washed.
Send him to Kathmandu.
He'll be fine.
He want to find his father.
Did you do it?
Yes.
I re-took the Shahada.
You're a true
Muslim.
How is he?
Your father?
He said to be careful in your
country.
It's a detour only so that the
Americans
don't become suspicious or
anything.
There's nothing in
Kathmandu that I cherish.
Keep listening
to the song and keep fit.
You have a lot to do here.
- Good bye.
- Greetings!
- Greetings.
Look at us!
You know that wasn't planned.
Hey, let's take a selfie, come
on.
No, no, no, no no.
No pictures, okay?
All right.
Come, let's go then.
Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu,
Abu, Abu!
Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu,
Thank you.
Aww.
Thank you Pundit Ji for your
kind support.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
I want to serve Nepal and you...
Bless me.
Give me your blessings!
Who is that?
Yes?
What do you want?
Rani, Right?
It's me.
We spoke when mom did the
video chat with you, remember?
Oh my god!
What wrong with you?
What do you mean?
Nothing.
Please come inside.
He not home.
Where is he?
He go shelter everyday.
Shelter?
Yes.
He helping homeless
people with Namrata mam.
Namrata?
Yes, Namrata.
Your friend.
Remember?
Will he be back soon?
Why you dress like this?
You have a problem?
I'll get some tea for you.
I've been waiting for
you Ismail.
You have a lot to do for me
here.
Come, let's go.
Praveen.
Sir.
Relax.
Sir it seems like I'll have
all the evidence that I need
sir.
Okay.
We'll have Abu and Pundit Ji.
No mistakes, huh?
Sir.
Hey, look out!
Do you Remember this?
Yeah.
She's a bride.
Did you forget what happened
when Namrata went through the
same ritual?
She hid your picture in the
ritual plate
and sort of became your wife.
Listen.
Vacate this place and set
up camp some where else.
You're making my boss very
angry.
You know what he's saying?
The only way that he is going
to let you live in this city
is if you accept my proposal to
marry.
Be my girlfriend.
Oh, no, no, no.
My fiance, and we'll
live happily ever after...
How dare you?!
Come on Nammu.
Sunny stop him!
He will kill him.
You don't know
who you're dealing with.
You are gonna regret this.
What a bunch of useless
cowards I have with me!
Nam.
- This is...
- I really don't need thugs
beating up other thugs.
I can handle my problems.
Say hello to Bunty.
Sorry, I shouldn't have
interfered.
Bunty?
Namrata!
Mr. Bhandari!
Greetings.
Grandpa.
I was eager to see his new
avatar.
You've changed.
I didn't recognize you.
Namaste, sir.
You picked him up from the
airport.
Yes sir, he called.
Why didn't you take him to
your home?
His aunty might teach him
some lessons from the book.
Man, she likes you a
lot.
Who are those thugs?
I heard they've been harassing
her
for a quite sometime now.
They do Abu's dirty work.
It's a big mess in this city.
And your grandpa has filed a law
suit
against Abu who's trying
to grab this camp land.
Children are always
cause of worry for parents.
Not you of course.
Why has he come back now?
Don't think of Bunty.
Mr. Bhandari, What
are you not telling me?
Bunty is a dead man if he's
not stopped.
Get that.
Excuse me officer, those
men haven been harassing me,
and it's a daily affair.
Can you please talk to them?
You still have to go to the
station to lodge a complaint.
It's two blocks down that way.
I'm sorry, who are you?
Inspector Praveen Kumar
Gurung, special branch.
Wow!
How beautiful!
Don't get lost.
- Salam.
So you two know each other?
Come on Sunny.
Welcome back!
He'll be staying with us
tonight.
I hope you guys don't mind.
Just tonight?
Yeah, I have a flight
to catch in the morning.
Oh.
Why don't you talk.
I'll get something to drink.
Two coffees, Sunny.
Love you.
Love you too.
So its true.
What is?
That you're
looking for your father.
Don't you want to know
where your brother is?
I know where he is.
In hell.
Don't say that, please.
Listen.
My brother was an addict,
Faisal.
An alcoholic.
My father is a warrior.
Jihadi.
Oh please don't start all over
again.
I know the Holy Quran much
better than you think you know.
Let's go!
Did you see everything?
Please sir.
Give me one more chance.
Come on.
Your chance.
Come on!
Hit it.
Sher Thapa.
Faith is the foundation of
all relationships with me.
I had so much trust in you.
Cheater, cheater
Rai Ji?
- Namaste.
Can we go inside?
I brought the money.
See.
Told you.
Bribe.
I not take your case.
Dirty money.
Dirty money?
What do you mean dirty money?
This is my pension.
Complicated.
Sorry.
Let's go.
Mr. Rai.
Is that all you can say?
Complicated?
Stay far from this camp.
Coward.
Shut your mouth!
Go now before Abu come to cut
your head.
Go!
- How are you feeling
now?
This will rejuvenate you.
Ashish told me what happened at
the camp.
I sent him looking for you.
I have been loyal and
done everything for Abu.
But for one small...
He does this to me?
And that... Afghan even...
he even threatened to harm my
family!
You are my new warrior.
Look up!
Look up, show me your face.
Let the fear strike them.
You are the Shiva-Gana.
You are the destroyer.
Do as I say and you'll have your
revenge.
I will!
You have to make a sacrifice.
You are the destroyer.
I am the destroyer!
- Bum bum bole!
You have to make a sacrifice.
I will!
Bum bum bole!
I am the destroyer.
I am the destroyer!
- Bum bum bole!
Bum bum bole!
I am the destroyer!
- Bum bum bole!
Is he there?
Can I talk to him?
You will soon.
Someone will meet you at the
address
and they'll bring you to us.
Someone is coming.
Yeah?
Grandpa.
Should I send him here?
No.
Okay.
Grandpa.
Yes?
I'll leave you two alone.
Thank you.
I told him you were
praying.
Guess who the author is.
Why do you hate your family so
much?
Mom said it is by your
favorite author
and made me read every
book since I was little.
Bunty, What do you know about
Islam?
More than...
Kafirs.
Is that's all you can say?
I don't have to provide
you any explanation grandpa.
What do you know about your
father?
As much a separated son would
know.
I will tell you about your
father.
He was an alcoholic,
and he was addicted to...
No!
You sent mom away.
Dad left because of you.
Who told you these lies?
They're making you sick my son.
Your mother has told me
everything.
They are my family.
I am going to join my true
family!
- Don't you understand?
- Bunty!
Well.
He's dead for me now.
Namaste, sir.
- Here?
- Oh yeah.
- Hi.
Sorry, I'm late.
I had to finish my prayer.
I actually got lost on my way
here.
Ah.
It's been a
while since I came here too.
I feel peace and calm.
Thank you for coming.
I'm leaving tomorrow.
There won't be any problem,
promise.
You're not the problem.
I shouldn't have
interfered.
Yes, now that you have,
we need you even more.
I can't.
This is not my world.
Really?
Namrata.
Oh my god!
This is Suresh Bhandari!
Mr. Bhandari.
Let's go!
We have to do something!
Let's go.
Hey!
Faisal we have to go
- to the police.
- We can't go to the police.
Who's that?
- Who is it?
- I don't know.
Check the phone!
We will not
tolerate any contamination.
Stop the car!
Those who dare...
shall die!
Namrata.
This is the same guy that was at
the camp.
Are you sure, all this isn't
about you?
Why are you Faisal and not
Bunty?
What do you know about my
faith?
Nothing!
Do you?
Just forget it.
Do you know where to
find him?
Faisal, we have to go to the
police.
Who's this idiot?
Who's he?
I don't want
anymore killing please.
Just let him in and let
the police do their job.
I'm his blood.
They shed it first.
You looking for me?
Are you saying Bunty is
responsible?
Mm-hm.
Stupid.
I don't know what you see
in that circumcised boy,
but I surely do know now
what he sees in you.
Sir, watch this.
Get out!
Murder video.
This is a Hindu
nation.
We will not tolerate any
contamination.
Welcome.
Where is he?
So Abu was right.
You're here.
Abu is behind all this?
No.
He's always in the front.
It's an honor to serve him.
You don't know?
This entire city runs,
all because of his blessings.
- I want to know where he is.
- Oh boy.
You're not from around here,
aren't you?
Hey, hey, don't get excited
boys.
He's just a tourist.
Where did you say you're from?
You better start
talking.
Or what?
Are you gonna talk?
Yeah.
Let's go!
Hello.
Now listen to me very
carefully.
I don't want any of this to
be remotely connected to me.
You understand that?
Yes sir.
Do you understand that!
Sir.
Stupid, dumb!
Idiot!
Abu, Abu, Abu, Abu,
Abu, Abu!
Look man, we has
been called to do a service.
Nothing personal.
If a soldier can kill, he
must be ready to die too.
This man's head may not matter
to you,
but it is the beginning
of a war you started.
Thank you.
Allah!
Nobody says no to Abu in this
town, but your old man did.
Still, Abu did not order him
to be killed or even you.
Who did?
Pundit.
Sher is with him.
This is our land.
No one, or anyone like Abu, to
rule us.
Are we clear?
Bum bum bole! Bum bum bole!
Guru Ji.
I found this on Suresh Bhandari.
There's a message I
thought you would like.
Message?
Play it.
Papa, he has left.
He wants to join his father.
I have seen him change.
If he travels to Syria
or Khalifat nation...
stop him papa.
Please.
This is brahmastra!
The ultimate weapon of
destruction.
It will destroy Abu Mia and his
tribe.
You.
Go back to Abu right now.
Bum bum bole! Bum bum bole!
Where were you?
May I please come in?
I couldn't do it.
What?
This man's head may not matter
to you
but it is the beginning
of a war you started.
I'm sorry.
Grand father told me
everything.
I promised I'd do anything to
stop you.
I'm so happy you didn't, Faisal.
You're not like them.
I've let them down.
No.
No, you freed yourself.
Grandfather will be so proud of
you.
You killed the only man who
was opposing me in this town
and you come here to hide.
You think I'm stupid?
Inspector Praveen.
He's collecting all the
evidence against you sir.
Can I go now sir?
Is there something
that you're forgetting?
I gave Pundit Ji
Suresh Bhandari's phone.
It has recording that Faisal
is going to Middle East to join
the war.
Pundit Ji is going to
connect you to that boy
and his terrorist group sir.
Pundit Ji is giving the original
to the Americans.
When?
Where?
It is about making the
connection, you know.
That American-Muslim boy is here
and the next thing you
see is Hindu grandfather
who is fighting a good battle
is murdered like, you know,
for me they're all same.
Who are you
referring to Pundit Ji?
You'll see him when we
deport...
Is that Pundit?
Must be hiding that boy then.
Let's go.
Stop.
You have to take it away
from their narrative first.
What are you trying to say?
It's clear they want
people to be distracted
from the real issue, their dirty
work.
It doesn't matter.
War is war.
Now listen carefully.
That American will meet you
and ask you for the phone.
Which phone?
Suresh Bhandari's phone.
And, tell her, we will
take care of Faisal here.
Yes sir
Sir, sir.
Are you Suresh Bhandari's
grandson?
Are you Mr. Suresh Bhandari's
Bum bum bole!
Who's your
contact here in Kathmandu?
His name is Faisal Mustafa.
Faisal Mustafa.
When I said the masked
murderer could be anyone,
even a relative, I was
wondering.
Then I made the connection,
and I thought Suresh Ji was a
Hindu,
an innocent Hindu, and he's a
Muslim.
A radical Muslim.
That's a lie.
The killer is here and he's
hiding him.
Americans are calling
him person of interest.
You know what does that mean?
They think he's a terrorist.
So, we should consider
him as a terrorist too.
Let's go!
Why don't you ask him
what is he doing in Kathmandu.
Is he here on a mission with
Abu Mia!?
That's a lie.
This is you and police have to
find out
what is he doing in my country.
I'm just making the connections.
Bum bum bole! Bum bum bole!
- Bunty!
- Just be safe.
Be safe, I'll be fine.
What's happening?
It's too late.
He's going back to America.
No, you listen to me
inspector.
No one can take him away.
Bunty!
Sher told me you like her.
Good day, Pundit Ji.
Good day.
Bum bum bole!
Leila, what are we going to
do?
They're going to deport him!
Just calm down.
Calm down.
Listen to me.
They're not going to deport him.
I promised Suresh Ji.
You come to Kupondole.
I promised Suresh...
You just be there.
They're gonna deport him.
What are we doing to do?
I'll explain to you.
After you marry Faisal,
no one can do anything,
not even the Americans.
So don't worry everything will
be fine.
Okay, I'll be there.
We are here to take
your blessings Pundit Ji.
Bum bum bole!
Do you know why people like to
hunt?
Well, it's fun to kill
an animal where it lives.
And after killing it, if you eat
the meat,
oh, it tastes so much better.
What are you talking about
Abu?
I'm just making the
connection.
Correct?
I know, I know.
This is your place, and I'm
here.
I am here!
What can you do about it?
When I said I listen to
my wife, I wasn't lying.
And you know what she said this
morning?
Don't trust a spineless person.
Don't do anything stupid Abu.
It will lead to a war this
land have never seen before.
I trusted you!
I had faith in you!
Ismail.
Don't worry Abu.
I take care.
I like clear blue sky.
No cloud.
Not even puffy ones.
Leila wait!
Go to the bureau and make
sure the registrar is there.
Where's the marriage bureau?
Lalitpur, near the
bank on the first floor.
- Which bank?
- Go, please go!
Sunny!
Go!
So your name is Faisal right?
Go to the club.
You know where it is.
You'll find the person
that you're looking for.
I'll do that.
You have no idea who
you are dealing with.
Actually I do.
Grandfather was right.
There's lot to do here.
Don't forget.
He's already dead.
I've always wanted this.
The moment to negotiate with
America.
We would be glad to align
with Mr. Abu's campaign...
if-he agrees not to disrupt the
handover
and the extradition.
I like it.
Democracy is indeed your
religion.
How look?
Hmm...
Good.
Now it looks like a
secret meeting went bad.
Obviously not a picnic.
I want both the heads, Sher
and Faisal.
Yes, Sher Thapa head first.
Let's go.
Mind if I go to my temple and
pray too?
Sure
♪ Take it slow with me ♪
♪ Don't hurry up ♪
♪ Take your own pace ♪
♪ I love you either way ♪
♪ Well I know that ♪
♪ Tell me how you want it ♪
♪ Put your body on me ♪
♪ Oh boy you turn me on ♪
♪ Watch me get him to do work on
my body ♪
♪ Want to slide slide slide
under you ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ She wanna turn this ♪
to my favorite night ♪
♪ Tell her make love to me ♪
till you say goodnight ♪
♪ I'm like let me fast forward ♪
♪ Then I take it slow ♪
♪ Meet low in the place tonight♪
On the house.
Who you're looking for is
sitting there.
And you are?
A well wisher.
Thank you.
Wait!
Damn it!
He is coming.
Get in.
Sher Thapa
This morning
Pandit Harshvardhan
Satyajit Brahmachari found dead.
Abu Mia Siddiqui suspected of
the murders.
What will happen to Mr.
Siddiqui's campaign?
- Bunty!
Bunty!
Bunty, are you all right?
They say cooking relaxes the
mind.
I say no.
Cooking relaxes my entire being.
Mr. Abu Mia Siddiqui,
you are under arrest.
It's over Abu.
Ah.
Faisal.
We've been trying to meet
desperately.
We are same.
We're not the same.
You're a killer.
The law of this land has ways
to take car of people like you.
Law of the land?
You don't want to say
law of Sharia and Sunna?
- Holy Quran is not...
- Just Sharia and Sunna.
There is more to that.
Sir.
Inspector, what's your name?
Mr. Praveen Kumar Gurung,
He was my officer, you guys
murdered.
Your man killed Sher too.
It's over Abu.
It's over when Abu Mia
Siddiqui says its over.
Take care.
- Bye!
- Bye to you too!
By the way you really
look good in the Dhaka Topi.
Grandfather's.
I found it on my way out.
The man from Kathmandu.
I like that.
You know, whatever
happens, I want you to know
that I'm always going to be
there for you.
It's rigged.
The whole damn system.
"Deal with it," grandpa would
have said.
Sometimes simple things, like
looking at life differently,
changes everything.
This is my father.
I know.
He was a failure.
He can be saved if you
continue the journey.
www.dopemovie.io